# State of the Union Speech AI Chatbot

Welcome to the State of the Union Speech AI Chatbot repository! In this project, we leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and chatbots to analyze and answer questions related to the State of the Union speeches.

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Code Implementation](#code-implementation)
- [Contact Information](#contact-information)

## Overview

State of the Union Speeches are important historical documents, and this project aims to make them more accessible and interactive. Our chatbot allows you to explore and interact with these speeches using the latest AI technologies.

## Usage

To get started with the State of the Union Speech AI Chatbot, follow these steps:

1. **Download the State of the Union speech document from the Internet:** You can access the document using this [link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Aliraqimustafa/state_of_the_union/main/state_of_the_union.txt).

2. **Divide the document into chunks for processing:** This step is essential for preparing the document for analysis and question answering.

3. **Utilize the OpenAI API to interact with the language model:** Make use of OpenAI's language model to process and understand the content of the document.

4. **Merge the language model's responses with the storage vector stores:** Combine the responses generated by the language model with the storage vector stores to provide meaningful answers to user queries.

5. **Ask questions and receive answers from the chatbot:** Interact with the chatbot by submitting questions related to the State of the Union speeches.

## Getting Started

To begin using the chatbot, you will need the following:

- **OpenAI API Key:** This key is essential for accessing the language model and making queries.
- **Python Libraries:** Install the necessary Python libraries using the following command:

```bash
pip install langchain==0.0.179 faiss-cpu==1.7.4 openai
```

## Code Implementation

For detailed code implementation and usage examples, refer to the `main.ipynb` file in this repository. It will guide you through the steps to develop your own State of the Union Speech AI Chatbot.

## Contact Information

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need further assistance. You can connect with us through the following channels:

- **Telegram:** [Mustafa Mohammad](https://t.me/ha12qw)
- **Facebook:** [Mustafa Mohammad](Link_to_Facebook)

Now you're ready to explore and develop your own State of the Union Speech AI Chatbot! Happy coding!
